ahahaha perfect gasps uh-oh hey how did
you first day at school how you doing um
fine yes it's fun we're gonna change
that right away little boy Oh over Scott
Tolleson boy oh and why ever get more oh
yeah instructional DVD on how to be cool
you
hey I'm Eric if you're watching this
video you really want to be cool right
well if your people get school game
bullied or will hate you or a just wanna
be more popular hold on paying attention
all right in this video I'll be teaching
you five tips that are very easy for you
to learn and the board being cool all
right let's go
tip wanna being cool well don't ever be
shocked because you never can make
friends so ask anyone to be a friend but
there is a certain age limit stop they
want to be friends sure they want to be
friends so whatever sure hey one of you
friends yeah no he won't be French
okay then well we're back chiptune being
cool is the dress code you have to be in
cool clothes to be cool you know and
always remember dress for success here
is good stone awesome button up jacket
and the best cool assured of all time
saw worth you know I love it and you
love it too it's awesome yeah this is a
good one or it could do an awesome white
shirt with the cool cracking and a ship
see the crack if they can ship down with
you out there and really awesome the
cool short shorts yeah that's the best i
elaborate right or you can wear really
interesting white shirt look I'm
purchasing an insolvency and cool jeans
that you can sag yeah
tip 3 is to always fit in don't be
really different and skipping and all
that all right okay yo yo look at this
it's so cool yeah look at my fucking
woman in my hat and going to my snake
yeah
tip for is to always a really good joke
such an answer like your mom jokes
yoyoyoyoyo here one here joke ok yo I
was so stupid she spent her whole
breakfast looking at the orange juice
carton because it said concentrate hey
man nice help you mr. me yeah you know I
guess what else yo mama's so stupid she
locked herself in her own motorcycle
stop making me sad man I'm sorry Sally
I'll do big one ok I'm yo mama's so cool
that she sings good thanks and I look
good really no okay finally the last tip
and the most important of all is tip 5
tip 5 is that you always have to
remember to always have an awesome
freaking cool book to read like if
someone that ever comes to you in offers
to say hey don't eat them Narnia he said
nothing on you I'm not reading that you
instead read Harry Potter cuz hit Mars
option and someone says um hey do you
want to eat some Oh Jurassic Park no
you're not reading dumb Jurassic Park
I'm not going to bat stupid adventure
again and said I'm going to go in your
ventures of Tom Sawyer and if someone
ever says hey you want to read the
dictionary enough instead I'm going
three but the put the buffer Jim yeah
I'm instead going three foot buffer Joe
you have toys number that in order to be
cool you have to have an awesome cool
book to read okay that's it thank you
for watching my video and remember be
cool don't get bullied don't be hated
get poplar get liked and don't silly
goodnight
you